chore: update readme (#6)
openvm-org/openvm-example-fibonacci: README.md

# OpenVM Example Program

This repo demonstrates a simple OpenVM program along with some handy utilities for working with OpenVM programs.

It contains two crates:

> - [`openvm-example-program`](./fibonacci/): an example Fibonacci program. See the [book](https://book.openvm.dev/writing-apps/write-program.html) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`openvm-example-program`](./fibonacci/): an example Fibonacci program. See the [book](https://docs.openvm.dev/book/writing-apps/overview) for more details.
```
